index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---
# Welcome to LowPy (Pre-release)!
<p align="center"><img src="logo.png" height="100px"></p>

**LowPy** is a high level GPU simulator of low level device characteristics in machine algorithms. It seeks to streamline the investigation process when considering memristive and other novel devices for implementing a machine learning algorithm in hardware. By using the familiar [Keras](https://keras.io) syntax, it will be second nature to write GPU-optimized code to push your algorithm to its limits.

# Features
The aim is to focus first on the algorithms most published on in the field of neuromorphic computing, for both static and time series datasets.

### Datasets
- MNIST

### Algorithms
- Single Layer Perceptron (SLP)
- Multi-Layer Perceprton (MLP)

### Activation Functions
- Sigmoid

### Optimization Functions
- Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD)
- SGD with Momentum

### Initialization Distributions
- Uniform 
- Normal

### Device Characteristics
- Write Variability


# Requirements
The following are required to use LowPy:
- GPU: NVIDIA
- OS: Linux (should work on Windows, not tested)
- Python 3.0 or newer
- PyCUDA

Commit message:

Added system requirements and installation

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---
# Welcome to LowPy (Pre-release)!
<p align="center"><img src="logo.png" height="100px"></p>

**LowPy** is a high level GPU simulator of low level device characteristics in machine algorithms. It seeks to streamline the investigation process when considering memristive and other novel devices for implementing a machine learning algorithm in hardware. By using the familiar [Keras](https://keras.io) syntax, it will be second nature to write GPU-optimized code to push your algorithm to its limits.

# System Requirements
LowPy was designed with Python 3, and has not been tested on previous versions of Python. Beyond this, if you can run [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org) + [Keras](https://keras.io), you can run LowPy. If you can run [TensorFlow with GPU support](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/gpu), you can run LowPy with GPU support. While it is technically possible to run TensorFlow and LowPy, it is fairly challenging to set up, and has not yet been tested with LowPy.

# Installation
To install the latest version of LowPy, use `pip`:
```
pip install lowpy
```
